# INDUCTION PROGRAM 
Name- Vanshika 
Branch - IT 
## DAY-1
##### THE FIRST DAY OF INDUCTION PROGRAM BEGAN WITH A VISIT TO THE COLLAGE GURDWARA, WHERE ALL STUDENTS AND FACULITY MEMBERS GATHERED FOR BLESSINGS AND TO MARK THE AUSPICIOUS START OF THE SESSION. THIS WAS FOLLOWED BY REFRESHMENTS. AFTERWARDS, EVERYONE ASSEMBLED IN THE AUDITORIUM , WHERE SEVERAL HEADS OF DEPARTMENTS , FACULTY MEMBERS AND DISTINGUISHED GUESTS INTERACTED WITH STUDENTS FOLLWED BY SOME PEAPLE SUCH AS MR HARSIMRAN  SINGH JAGGI, MR SANGAM ARORA(WORKING AS SOFTWARE ENGEINEER) , DR.PARMINDER SINGH, DR SEHAJPAL SINGH (PRINCIPAL) , SHREE RAVINDER GARG (CHEIF ENGEINEER IN MUNICIPAL) , ETC.. THEY SHARED SAME VIEWS BY ENCOURAGING US TO WORKHARD , STAY FOCUSED, AND MAKE THE MOST OF OUR TIME IN COLLAGE. AFTER THIS WE ALL WENT TO AUR INDIVIDUAL DEPARTMENT FOR DEPARTMENT ORIENTATION PROGRAM FROM 2:00PM TO 4:00PM. THERE WE INTERECTED WITH AUR DEPARTMENT TEACHERS AND GET THE IMPORTANCE OF OUR BRANCH.  
## DAY-2
##### THE SECOND DAY OF THE INDUCTION PROGRAM COMMENCED WITH THE ENGLISH PROFICIENCY TEST FROM 9:30 AM TO 10:30 PM , CONDUCTEDIN DIFFERENT ROOMS FOR EACH SECTION TO ASSESS STUDENTS LANGUAGE AND COMMUNICATION SKILLS. THIS WAS FOLLOWED BY MATHS PROFICIENCY TEST FROM 10:30 AM TO 11:30 AM, AIMED AT EVALUATING STUDENTS MATHEMATICAL APLITUDE. AFTER THE LUNCH BREAK, STUDENTS ATTENDED AN EXPERT LECTURE BY DR.ARSHDEEP SINGH ON "FOOD:A PIVOTAL ROLL IN STUDENTS OVERALL WELLNESS"IN THYE AUDITORIUM , WHICH HIGHLIGHTED THE IMPORTANCE OF A BALANCED DIET IN THE MAINTAINING PHYSICAL AND MENTALHEALTH. THE DAY CONCLUDED WITH A SESSION BY THE CAUSMIC CLUB, WHERE INDUCTION ACTIVITES WERE OFFICIALLY LAUNCHED, MARJETING THE VARIOUS INETERECTIVE AND SKILL BUILDING EVENTS FOR NEW STUDENTS AND THEY HELP US TO WORK ON GITHUB.
## DAY-3
##### THE THIRD DAY COMMENCED IN AUDITORIUM WITH EXPERT LECTURE BY DR. JASWINDER SINGH (INCHARGE OF APT) , GIVING KNOWLEDGE OF SCIENCE PRACTICALLY WITH FUN AND INTERECTIVE WAYS AND IT CONTINUED FROM 9 AM - 11 AM. THE DAY WAS CONTINUED BY ANOTHER EXPERT LECTURE BY DR PRIYA DARSHNI MADAM ON "UNIVERSAL HUMAN VALUES"
## DAY-4 
##### THE FORTH DAY OF THE PROGRAM BEGAIN AT 8:30 AM WITH A SESSION CONDUCTED BY THE COUSMIC CLUB IN THE AUDITORIUM, ENGAGING STUDENTS IN GITHUB. THIS WAS FOLLOWED BY LECTURE FROM DR. RANDHIR SINGH ON "CONDUCT OF EXAMINATION" FROM 9:30AM TO 10:30AM , PROVIDING STUDENTS WITH IMPORTANT GUIDLINES AND PROCEDURE RELATED TO EXAMINATION. FROM 10:30 AM TO 12:30 PM, AN EXPERT LECTURE WAS DELIVERED BY DR. PRIYA DARSHANI MADAM ON UNIVERSAL HUMAN VALUES-2 , CONTINUING THE DISCUSSION FROM HER EARLIER SESSION AND EMPHASING ETHICAL AND VALUE BASED LIVING. AFTER LUNCH BREAK, ENGLISH LECTURE BEGAN FROM 1:30PM TO 2:30 PM IN ROOM F-107 , CONDUCTED BY PROFESSOR NISHA. THE SESSION FOCUSSED ON INTRODUCTION OF STUDENT AND MAM . FROM 2:30PM TO 3:30PM , WE ATTEMPTED P2P LECTURE IN SAME ROOM BY SENIORS GIVING BREIF INTRODUCTION OF P2P AND PERFORM IT ON BASIC LEVEL. 
## DAY-5 
